[Documentation] DG Update (#214)
AY2324S1-CS2103-T16-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

- 2a. User enters an incorrect format.
    - 2a1. UniCa$h displays an error message, requests for correct format.
    - 2a2. User enters command with new format.
    - Steps 2a1-2a2 are repeated until the format entered is correct. 

>     - Use case resumes from Step 3.

Reviewer: Should this part simply be `Use case resumes at Step 1`?

Reviewer: (following your `reset_unicash` extension)

Author: Nice, thanks, I've changed it

    - 2a1. UniCa$h displays an error message, requests for command to be re-entered.
    - Use case resumes at step 1

**Use Case: UC06 - Clear all transactions**

**MSS:**
1. User enters the command to clear all transactions with the correct format. (i.e. no parameters)
2. User submits the request.
3. UniCa$h deletes all transactions in the transactions list.
4. UniCa$h displays success message.

   Use Case ends.

**Extensions**
- 2a. User enters an incorrect format.
  - 2a1. UniCa$h displays an error message with the correct command format.
  - Use case resumes at step 1.

**Use Case: UC07 - Reset UniCa$h**

**MSS:**

> 1. User enters the command to reset UniCa$h with the correct format. (i.e. no parameters)

Reviewer: I believe @woojiahao mentioned in our Telegram group that we should avoid saying the user enters the command in the "correct format" under the MSS because then in the extension, it seems a little off to suddenly say that the user's input is in an incorrect format. Perhaps you could just leave remove the "with the correct format" part in this line

Author: Oh right that makes sense, thanks!

Author: I've gone ahead and fixed the others as well

#### Delete Transaction

**Overview**

The `delete_transaction` command deletes an existing `Transaction` from the `TransactionList` in UniCa$h.

The activity diagram of deleting a Transaction is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/DeleteTransactionActivityDiagram.png" width="500" />

The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCash.

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/DeleteTransactionSequenceDiagram.png" width="1200" />

The above sequence diagram omits details on the filtering of `TransactionList` and assumes that
the displayed `TransactionList` is showing all transactions. However, the logic of the `DeleteCommand`
remains the same for all list deletion.

<div class="callout callout-important" markdown="span" style="margin-bottom: 20px;">
**Note:** The lifeline for `DeleteTransactionCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

> **Details**

Reviewer: Hmmm... Is there a reason why u changed this to ** instead of ##### for the "Details" section? I believe other commands also do it in the ##### format!😄

#### Delete Transaction

**Overview**

> The `delete_transaction` command deletes an existing `Transaction` from `TransactionList` in UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `delete_transaction` command deletes an existing `Transaction` from `TransactionList` in UniCa$h.
```

out in the **Add Transaction** section above also remain.
</div>

#### Clear Transactions

**Overview**

The `clear_transactions` command deletes all existing `Transactions` from `TransactionList` in UniCash.

The activity diagram of clearing all transactions is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/ClearTransactionsActivityDiagram.png" width="450" />

The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCa$h.

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/ClearTransactionsSequenceDiagram.png" width="800" />

> **Details**

Reviewer: Refer to the comment above

`UniCash` object, as the newly created `UniCash` object would now have an empty `TransactionList` encapsulated within.
This emulates the deletion of all transactions in the `TransactionList`.

#### Get Transaction

**Overview**

The `get` command retrives an existing `Transaction` from `TransactionList` in UniCa$h.

The activity diagram of retrieving a Transaction is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/GetTransactionActivityDiagram.png" width="500" />

The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCa$h.

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/GetTransactionSequenceDiagram.png" width="1200" />

The above sequence diagram omits details on the filtering of `TransactionList` and assumes that
the displayed `TransactionList` is showing all transactions. However, the logic of the `GetCommand`
remains the same for all transaction retrieval.

<div class="callout callout-important" markdown="span" style="margin-bottom: 20px;">
**Note:** The lifeline for `GetCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

> **Details**

Reviewer: Refer to the comment above

Reviewer: There are several more instances of this below!

out in the **Add Transaction** section above also remain.
</div>

#### Clear Transactions

**Overview**

> The `clear_transactions` command deletes all existing `Transactions` from `TransactionList` in UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clear_transactions` command deletes all existing `Transactions` from `TransactionList` in UniCa$h.
```

The activity diagram of clearing all transactions is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/ClearTransactionsActivityDiagram.png" width="450" />

> The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCa$h.
```

Reviewer: There are a few more instances of "UniCash" being mentioned instead of "UniCa$h" under the get command section as well

Author: Fixed, thanks

efficient way to achieve the same effect would be to simply set the `Model` contained in `LogicManager` to a new
`UniCash` object, as the newly created `UniCash` object would now have an empty `TransactionList` encapsulated within.
This emulates the deletion of all transactions in the `TransactionList`.

#### Get Transaction

**Overview**

The `get` command retrives an existing `Transaction` from `TransactionList` in UniCash.

The activity diagram of retrieving a Transaction is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/GetTransactionActivityDiagram.png" width="500" />

The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCash.

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/GetTransactionSequenceDiagram.png" width="1200" />

The above sequence diagram omits details on the filtering of `TransactionList` and assumes that
the displayed `TransactionList` is showing all transactions. However, the logic of the `DeleteCommand`
remains the same for all list deletion.

ℹ️ **Note:** The lifeline for `GetCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML,

> the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

Reviewer: Might be better to use callouts for this. I've replaced all the ℹ️ **Note:** without callout-info for the edit and summary features

Author: Yup, I'm doing that for all my other commands also, thanks

   user is prompted to enter the command again with the correct input.
3. If the input is valid, a `ResetCommand` object is created to be executed by `LogicManager`
4. `LogicManager` will invoke the `execute` method of `ResetCommand`
   which will replace the existing `Model` property with a sample `UniCash` object which
   would contain a `TransactionList` populated with sample `Transaction` data.

<div class="callout callout-info" markdown="span">
It must be noted here that resetting UniCa$h to its original state refers to overwriting
the internal `Transactions List` with the original transactions only, and does not refer to
clearing any contained `budgets`
</div>

#### Find Transactions

**Overview**

The `find` command searches UniCa$h for `Transactions` that match the input parameters.

The activity diagram of finding transactions in UniCa$h is as shown below

<img src="images/unicash/diagrams/FindTransactionsActivityDiagram.png" width="400" />

The following sequence diagram shows the interaction between different components of UniCa$h
during the sequence of processing and execution of the `find` command

> <img src="images/unicash/diagrams/FindTransactionsSequenceDiagram.png" width="800" />

Reviewer: I can't comment on the image directly, but is `FindCommandParser` supposed to terminate after its activation bar?

Author: Nice catch, thanks for noticing, I've gone ahead and changed that.

</div>

**Details**

1. The user specifies the transaction to be retrieved by stating the appropriate index of the transaction.
2. The input will be parsed by `GetCommandParser` and if the provided input is invalid, `ParseException` will be thrown,
   and the user is prompted to enter the command again with the correct input.
3. If the input is valid, an `Index` object is created with the given input integer, and passed into `GetCommand` to be executed
   by `LogicManager`
4. `LogicManger` will invoke the `execute` method of `GetCommand` which will retrieve the `Transaction` from UniCa$h.

<div class="callout callout-info" markdown="span" style="margin-bottom: 20px;">
You can refer to the `INDEX` constraints in [command breakdown's Argument Types section](UserGuide.md#argument-types) in the User Guide.
You can also refer to the [UI Layout's Transaction Card section](#transaction-card) to learn about the transaction index values that
can change based on the current `Transactions List` configuration.
</div>

#### Reset UniCa$h

**Overview**

> The `reset_unicash` command overwrites the `TransactionList`with the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `reset_unicash` command overwrites the `TransactionList` with the default
```
